Privacy policy
Effective Date: April 24, 2023


Introduction:
This is a Kannada Kali app developed by User sencial App Development. This is a reading assistant app intended to help grade 4,5,6 students especially. This is not a school substitute. This is very rigidly aligned to karnataka state text books. This is after school reading practice. This all provides curated kannada to english translations which aim at improving kannada comprehension of english medium students. And word level english meaning aimed at helping granular comprehension. There is also a curated list of difficult words and sounds to help practice any specific difficulty a student may be facing pronouncing an alphabet or word.

Information We Collect
Personal Information You Provide:
We may collect Parents/Caregivers phone number and email in website or in person video call at the time of introduction or onboarding call. 

Information Collected automatically In the app:
App collects lines, words read, and alphabets pronounced correctly.
App collects screens and user interaction ‘usage data’.

Data Collection Methods:
Usage data is collected automatically through the app. Reading progress data is collected on user reading sessions completed.

App collects lines, words read, alphabets pronounced correctly to show reading progress and in future build ability to create personalized learning tasks.
App collects screens and user interaction ‘usage data’ to understand which features are not having good engagement which intern would help analyze and improve user experience.
App does not ask students to input any personal information.

Third-Party Services:

App collects data of reading progress and stores it in Google Firebase Firestore. Usage Data is collected using google firebase analytics call and store in google firebase analytics. The app does not show ads of any sort.
How We Use Your Information
Purposes
We may use the information we collect for a variety of purposes, including:
To help provide you with a smooth, efficient user experience, including management of any subscription orders.
To monitor, analyze, and describe usage patterns and performance of the Service, including aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns.
To conduct system administration and system troubleshooting and to diagnose or fix technology problems.
To comply with legal requirements and processes (for example, in response to subpoenas, court orders, and law enforcement or governmental requests or investigations), and to protect our legal rights or the rights of others (for example, by working to reduce the risk of fraud or misuse of the Service).
To enforce our Terms of Use or other policies or agreements.
In connection with an unusual business transaction, such as the bankruptcy or liquidation of, sale of, purchase of, or merger with our business or another business.

Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as is reasonably necessary in relation to the purposes for which this data was collected. In many instances, we will retain your data while it is necessary for your use of the Service, which may include maintaining this information beyond when you cease using the Service.

For instance, Tangible Play may retain users’ data for the following purposes:


To develop new features and improve the Service;
To support subsequent customer service inquiries;
To improve the safety and security of the Service; or
Comply with our legal obligations.

How We Share Your Information
Personal Information
We may share any information we receive with our affiliates for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.

User sencial App Development does not rent, sell, or share your Personal Information with independent third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless we have your permission. 

We may also share your Personal Information with our vendors, service providers, agents, representatives, and contractors so they can provide us with support services and other features. For example, we may share your Personal Information with cloud service providers (such as Google Cloud). Generally, we limit the information provided to these service providers to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions, and we require them to agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information. If you would like more information on any of these categories or specific recipients, please contact us at ashwin.nandihalli@gmail.com 

Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit screens, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with third parties for various purposes, including (i) compliance with various reporting obligations; (ii) to analyze and improve users’ interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services.

Instances Where We are Required to Share Your Personal Information
User sencial App Development will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or lawyers or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use or to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of User sencial App Development, our users or others. 
It is our policy to provide notice to our users before producing their Personal Information in response to law enforcement requests unless (i) we are prohibited by law or court order from doing so, (ii) we have reason to believe the user’s account has been compromised such that the notice would go to the wrong person, or notice would otherwise be counterproductive or would create a risk to safety, or (iii) it is an emergency request and prior notice would be impractical (in which case we may provide notice after the fact).
What happens in the event of a change of control
We may buy or sell/divest/transfer the company (including any shares in the company), or any combination of our products, services, assets and/or businesses. Your Personal Information, such as email addresses, and other user information related to the Service, may be among the items sold or otherwise transferred in these types of transactions. We may also sell, assign or otherwise transfer such Personal Information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, reorganizations, liquidations, similar transactions or proceedings involving all or a portion of the company.
Storage, Processing and Legal Compliance
We preliminarily store data about you, including your personal information on servers located in India.  Therefore, our collection and use of your personal information is subject to the India’ laws related to privacy and use of personal data and information.

Age Restrictions: 
There is no age restriction as it is based on and limited to helping academic textbook content.

Delete Your Data
You also have the right to have your personal data deleted. This is sometimes known as the ‘right to be forgotten’. To request that we delete all personal data about you, please submit a request by sending mail to ashwin.nandihalli@gmail.com We may request more information to confirm your identity before deleting any personal data.
After you delete your personal data from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not immediately remove data from our backup systems, for archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so. We may also decline to honor this request in certain specific situations, such as if the data is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or to exercise/defend a legal claim.

Data Portability
You have the right to obtain copies of your information in a structured, commonly used format that permits you to move your data between our service and the services of others. We may request more information to confirm your identity before providing any personal data.

Data Retention
User sencial App Development may retain users’ data for the following purposes:

To develop new features and improve the Service;
To support subsequent customer service inquiries;
To improve the safety and security of the Service; or
Comply with our legal obligations.
We will retain your information for as long as is reasonably necessary in relation to the purposes for which this data was collected. In many instances, we will retain your data while it is necessary for your use of the Service, which may include maintaining this information beyond when you cease using the Service.

How We Protect Your Information - Security and Passwords
User sencial App Development takes what it believes to be commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect Personal Information. However, since no security system is impenetrable and “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet, we cannot guarantee the security of Personal Information or Browsing Information.

You should choose a password that is not easy to guess, and does not use words that you would find in a dictionary. Do not disclose your password to any other person. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, and we will attribute activities that occur using your account information (e.g., through the use of your password) to you. If you suspect that your password has been compromised, contact us immediately at  ashwin.nandihalli@gmail.com.

Compromise of Personal Information
In the event that Personal Information is compromised as a result of a breach of security, User sencial App Development will promptly notify those persons whose Personal Information has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law. In the event that we or our Service suffers a data security breach that requires us to provide you with notice, such as under applicable law, you consent to allow us to provide you with such notice by sending an email to the primary email address that is associated with your account.
Children’s Privacy Policy
User sencial App Development makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure users privacy Protection and no Personal Information is collected or solicited inside the app Kannada kali. App progress may be stored remotely to facilitate multi-device play and allow parents/caregivers to view their child’s progress. Kannada kali contains no external links to third-party websites or services.

Kannada kali is directed at users of all ages, including children. We encourage parents/caregivers and teachers to supervise their child or student’s use of the Apps. Simply downloading Kannada kali to your devices does not trigger the collection of any personally identifiable information. We collect only a unique device identifier (a 40-character long mathematical code, called a “hex value”). This device identifier only allows User sencial App Development  to send necessary administrative updates to your tablet (such as software updates and administrative messages). No Personal Information is collected by User sencial App Development through the App download process or during the use of app. We may collect analytics data (which does not contain Personal Information) from your use of the Service in order to offer and develop the Service, and we may collect information such as age, grade, textbook, and name from parents/caregivers as part of your use of the Apps and the Service and the creation of your user profile.

*For Beta Testing and Playtesting Only*
This section provides information to parents who sign up to participate in our Beta Testing or Playtesting programs. It explains how we may collect, use, and share Personal Information from parents/caregivers and from their children in the context of using our Service for Beta Testing and Playtesting only.

Personal Information We Collect from Children for Beta Testing or Playtesting
With parents/caregivers authorization, we may collect the following Personal Information from children in the context of using our Service for Beta Testing or Playtesting:

Image captures (photographs) and/or audio captures, depending on the project, that may contain a child’s image or voice.
Information about the child’s activities on our Service, such as levels played, buttons pressed, and puzzles completed.
We may collect info from Parents/caregivers email addresses, last name, telephone numbers, or other relevant shipping information.
And account and profile information, such as child’s reading level, words they may struggle with;
Information on devices used to play, such as device model number, operating system; and
Persistent identifiers, such as IP address.

Personal Information Uses for Beta Testing and Playtesting
We use the Personal Information we collect from Parents/caregivers and children for Beta Testing and Playtesting only for purposes necessary to facilitate providing the Service or maintain and analyze the functioning of the Service, such as for product optimization purposes.

Personal Information Disclosures for Beta for Beta Testing and Playtesting
We disclose the Personal Information we collect from Parents/caregivers and children for Beta Testing and Playtesting only to our affiliates, third-party service providers, engineers, and researchers solely for the purposes described above (such as for product optimization purposes).

Requests to Access and Delete a Child’s Information Collected for Beta Testing or Playtesting
Parents/caregivers of children who participate in Beta Testing or Playtesting may request to review the Personal Information collected from their child, direct us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from their child, and refuse to permit our further collection or use of the Personal Information collected from their child. To do so, please reach out to us at ashwin.nandihalli@gmail.com

General
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will revise the “Effective Date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to check this page periodically for any updates. If you continue to use of the Service following the posting of an updated version of this Privacy Policy, we will treat your continued use as acceptance of the updated version.
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we may notify you more prominently. If we affect the way we handle Personal Information collected from children users (if applicable), we will first notify and obtain verifiable consent of a parent or legal guardian.

Contact Information: 
Contact us at ashwin.nandihalli@gmail.com for any clarification.
You may aslo contact us bellow
C-102, Mahaveer Jonquil, 1st Main, 3rd Cross Rd, Ramaiah Garden, JP Nagar 7th Phase, J. P. Nagar, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560078


